Label	Weight	Text
l_homeautomation	2.142857	silence the phone
l_homeautomation	2.142857	make some coffee
l_homeautomation	2.142857	turn on my bedroom lights .
l_homeautomation	2.142857	lower your volume
l_homeautomation	2.142857	turn off living room light
l_homeautomation	2.142857	set lights out bedroom
l_homeautomation	2.142857	turn thermostat on 70 .
l_homeautomation	2.142857	silence the phone
l_homeautomation	2.142857	make some coffee
l_homeautomation	2.142857	turn on my bedroom lights .
l_homeautomation	2.142857	lower your volume
l_homeautomation	2.142857	turn off living room light
l_homeautomation	2.142857	set lights out bedroom
l_homeautomation	2.142857	turn thermostat on 70 .
l_weather	2.5	show average rainfall for boise
l_weather	2.5	will it rain this weekend
l_weather	2.5	what is the weather in redmond ?
l_weather	2.5	get the weather at saint george utah
l_weather	2.5	soliciting today ' s weather
l_weather	2.5	how much rain does chambersburg get a year
l_weather	2.5	show average rainfall for boise
l_weather	2.5	will it rain this weekend
l_weather	2.5	what is the weather in redmond ?
l_weather	2.5	get the weather at saint george utah
l_weather	2.5	soliciting today ' s weather
l_weather	2.5	how much rain does chambersburg get a year
