Label	Weight	Text
l_homeautomation	2.142857	turn off venice lamp
l_homeautomation	2.142857	change temperature to seventy two degrees
l_homeautomation	2.142857	turn the fan to high
l_homeautomation	2.142857	living room lamp on please
l_homeautomation	2.142857	breezeway on please
l_homeautomation	2.142857	turn on external speaker
l_homeautomation	2.142857	turn on the internet in my bedroom please
l_homeautomation	2.142857	turn off venice lamp
l_homeautomation	2.142857	change temperature to seventy two degrees
l_homeautomation	2.142857	turn the fan to high
l_homeautomation	2.142857	living room lamp on please
l_homeautomation	2.142857	breezeway on please
l_homeautomation	2.142857	turn on external speaker
l_homeautomation	2.142857	turn on the internet in my bedroom please
l_weather	2.5	temperature of delhi in celsius please
l_weather	2.5	get florence temperature in september
l_weather	2.5	\" i need to know the temperature at bangor , sme \
l_weather	2.5	i want to know the temperature at death valley
l_weather	2.5	what is the rain volume in sonoma county ?
l_weather	2.5	get for me the weather conditions in sonoma county
l_weather	2.5	temperature of delhi in celsius please
l_weather	2.5	get florence temperature in september
l_weather	2.5	\" i need to know the temperature at bangor , sme \
l_weather	2.5	i want to know the temperature at death valley
l_weather	2.5	what is the rain volume in sonoma county ?
l_weather	2.5	get for me the weather conditions in sonoma county
